[Music]
yesterday we told you about the time we
explored the abandoned tunnel under the
El Morro fortress and on our way home we
noticed some fishermen fishing on a
steep cliff on the very edge of the
fortress do we should try and get there
there didn't seem to be a clear path to
reach them but Matt and I were
determined to find one and catch a fish
while Matt and I thought we were going
on the adventure of the century your
left to your left for your hands a mark
to get as a casual or strong
[Music]
might be safer to go down here rather
than above
my god there's no way grips right here
buddy
[Music]
Oh
climate climate don't jump it cuz dude
if you break your leg here there's no
one to come get you four hours it's not
worth it it's very wet here it's very
humid they're catching a bunch of fish
we finally reached the fishermen and
they were kind enough to teach us how to
fish
[Music]
come on man you guys get up when we put
our minds to something we never give up
but we still hadn't caught a fish
the rain was getting worse so the
fishermen were packing up and we just
had to admit our do but as you'll see
later much later we always finish what
we start
see you tomorrow what's up guys if you
haven't subscribed slow it down guys
remember there from yesterday okay just
subject subscribe like if you haven't
subscribed art if you have not
subscribed to our channel yet go
subscribe right here why don't you good
point over here
checkpoint no just stay subscribe it's
gonna be over your chest
let's go guys if you haven't subscribed
to our channel and can't answer you I am
so done with this I'm sick of this
subscribe
[Music]